c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll.config
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.dll
c:\users\techn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\RazorPDF.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\stdole.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll.config
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Buffers.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Memory.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Owin.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\RazorPDF.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Interfaces.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\stdole.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.pdb
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.dll
E:\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\RazorPDF.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\stdole.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Managed.Core.targets
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\RazorPDF.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Remotion.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\stdole.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\LinqToExcel.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.pdb
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.dll
C:\Users\tfari\Desktop\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\deanShipOfStudents\obj\Debug\deanShipOfStudents.pdb
